Question One
You stand at a fork in the road. Next to each of the two forks, there stands a guard. You know the following things: First that one path leads to paradise, the other leads to Death. You cannot distinguish between the two paths. You also know that one of the two guards always tells the truth and the other always lies. You have permission to ask one guard one question to discover which path leads to paradise. What one question would you ask to guarantee you take the path to paradise?

Answer One
I will ask "Does the guard to paradise lie?" If the guard to paradise is a liar he will say "no" (which is a lie because he does lie). If the guard to paradise tells the truth he will say "no" (which is the truth). In which case the guard to death says "yes." (If he is a liar he will say the truth teller lies, and if he tells the truth he will say the liar is a liar). This means in either situation if the guard says no, take his path. But if the guard says yes, take the other path.

Question Two
A man walks into an art gallery and concentrates on one picture in particular. The museum curator notices this and asks the man why he is so interested in that one painting. The man replies, "Brothers and sisters have I none, but that man's father is my father's son."
Who is in the painting?
 
Answer Two
The son of the man who was interested in the painting.

Question Three
Name four days of the week that start with the letter "t"?

Answer Three
Tuesday, Thursday, Today and Tomorrow.

Question Four
A man has to get a fox, a chicken, and a sack of corn across a river. He has a row boat, and it can only carry him and one other thing. If the fox and the chicken are left together, the fox will eat the chicken. If the chicken and the corn are left together, the chicken will eat the corn. How does the man do it?

Answer Four
Take the chicken, then the fox. Bring the chicken back and take the grain. Then go back and get the chicken.

Question Five
You need to move 3,000 figs 1,000 nautical miles from Figopia to Capertown. Your vessel can carry 1,000 figs at a time. When you travel a nautical mile towards Capertown you must pay a tax of 1 fig, however you do not pay a tax when going the other direction (towards Figopia).
What is highest number of figs you can get to Capertown?

Answer Five
500

Question Six
A surgeon named Hal and a bus driver named Al are both in love with the same woman named Paige. Al needs to go for a long trip of 10 days. Before he left he gave Paige 10 apples. Why?

Answer Six
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.

Question Seven
A young woman is attending her mother's funeral. While there, she meets a man she has never seen before and falls in love immediately. After the funeral she tries to find him but cannot. Several days later she kills her sister.
Why does she kill her sister?

Answer Seven
So that she can attend another family funeral and meet the man.

